#labels Welcome,Information,ApacheCocoon
#Hello, and welcome.

= Introduction =

This project will start as a subproject of cocoon 2.1.11.


= Details =

WE HAVE NOT UPLOADED anything yet, but here is some advance information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

In order to try out the project, you need to be running
apache cocoon, version 2.1.11, on localhost (your own computer).

So first you need to download Tomcat and Cocoon 2.1.11 and install them.
I'll try to put a screencast about this onto 'ShowMeDo' I think.


We have Cocoon running under Tomcat 6.0 on port 80, and Apache itself
running under port 8777. However, you may prefer to have Tomcat
running on port 8080, which is the default. 

( For later; Please report any instances where these
port numbers make the system fail--it is not our intention 
ever to hard-code them into the links or re-directs. )

The project directory, learningActivities, containing the sitemap and all 
sub-directories should be dropped into your ...Tomcat 6.0/webapps/cocoon/   directory.

You should then be able to access it from your Browser at:

http://localhost/cocoon/LearningActivities/

or, if Tomcat is running on port 8080, at;


http://localhost:8080/cocoon/LearningActivities/

--------------------------------------------------------------------

This will remain a read-only project (with one developer, me) until
I feel the XML-Schema is more or less stable and well documented. I 
shall then be very keen on other team members writing XSLT, and 
source XML that validates to the schema.

In the next stage, we shall design a Relational database back-end, 
and the XML will be generated on-the-fly.


--------------------------------------------------------------------

Hopefully we can then get cracking with the non-geek members of the
team: graphic designers, instructors, screen-cast performers, parents, 
students...

*They* are our constituency and we are here to *serve* their needs!
